Added section about multiple questions in DoH (#1915)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/1.1.1.1/src/content/dns-over-https/request-structure.md

When making requests using `GET`, the DNS query is encoded into the URL. An additional URL parameter of `ct` should indicate the MIME type (see below).

## Send multiple questions in a query

> Sending more than one question when making requests using POST depends on the HTTP version used, as each DNS query maps to exactly one HTTP request. HTTP/2 and HTTP/3 have multiplexing and you can start multiple requests concurrently. HTTP/2 is, in fact, the minimum recommended version of HTTP for use with DNS over HTTPS (DoH). This is not specific to 1.1.1.1, but rather how DoH works. 

Reviewer: delete `using POST`

> You can learn more about how DoH works in the RFC8484 document, more specifically [the HTTP layer requirements](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8484#section-5.2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can learn more about how DoH works in RFC 8484, more specifically [the HTTP layer requirements](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8484#section-5.2).
```

> **Sending multiple questions example:**

Reviewer 2: I'd use a shorter Heading 3 (`### Example`) or a full sentence (`The following example sends two questions in a query:`), avoiding the bold.

Author: Will do

```sh

> $ curl --http2 -H 'accept: application/dns-json' https://1.1.1.1/dns-query?name=cloudflare.com --next --http2 -H 'accept: application/dns-json' https://1.1.1.1/dns-query?name=cloudflare.com

Reviewer 2: Should the two questions be about the same domain (`cloudflare.com`)? Looks odd.

Author: I'll double check with the engineer about this
